1. Use the Cd function to move between directories 
use the command touch first and then name a file. To delete you would use the command and then the name of the file 
use the comman mkdir to create directories and the command rmdir to remove directories
use the command pwd (print working directories)
use the Ls (list) command
Use the git init command
use the git add command 
use the git commit command 
get the link from the github, copy and paste it into the console, press enter, then use command git push -u origin "branch name"
create another branch from the main one
merger the branch you worked in to the main branch 
use the commands git checkout (brand name) to move between different versions of your project 
use the git reset command 
use git commit --ammend to change commit message 

Python 

1.you would run python and the name of the python file 
2.use a variable 
3.print("")
4.use the if function to make code make decsions 
5.run while loop function 
6. Because they will keep going and going 
7. Sequences are lists, tuples and ranges. Lists are muteable meaning you can change them, they also start with the index of 0. Tuples are immuteable meaning they cannot be changed snd they are characterized with () instead of []like lists. Ranges will generate a range of number you desire, if you input a 10 into a range function it will print out from 0-9. 
8. to access a value in a list you would use the list name 
9. index is the value in which it is listed within a list or tuple. They all start from zero 
10. zero 
11.to remove a value from a sequence you use either the pop or del function. 
12. -1 
13. use the comman len()
14. def function can be used to refrence a block of code
15. DONT REPEAT YOURSELF 
16. Scope is the body or block of code
17. a parameter is the default value an argument is the value that will be used in place of a parameter if it is pressent 
18. a defined funciton that can call itself 
19. To return a value from a function, you must include a return statement, followed by the value to be returned, before the function’s end statement
20. A dictonary is where you can create a lists of keys and values. it would be useful for sorting out unique Keys with their values. 
21. You can use wihter the del or the pop method. Similar to what you would use for a list 
22. To access values in a dictionary you would call the "key" in the dictionary and the value will print 
23. intergers, boolean, float, 
24. lists, intergers, float, boolean , nested dictionaries 
25. Use  for loop to iterate a dictionary
26. Similar to an assembly line, each step in the program perfroms a specific task. 
27. A class is sort of liek an outline for a project, it has parameters and arugments whcih can change those parameter values. 
28. Properties are the attributes or features that characterize classes 
29. classe methods are characterize by the def function. when using the def function you must use the self parameter with it
30. inhereintence allows us to define a class from another class. 
31. float, string , bool, list,tuples .